[RA Ch01] Text revised (#3158)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.rst

vendors that support it, the OpenInfra Foundation for managing the
community, and, most importantly, it is widely deployed by the global
operator community for both internal infrastructure and external facing
products and services. This means that resources with the right skill
sets to support a Cloud Infrastructure (or Network Function Virtualisation
Infrastructure, NFVI :cite:p:`etsinfvinf`) are available.
Another reason to choose OpenStack is that it has a large active

> community of vendors andoperators, which means that any code or

Reviewer: minor fix:
```suggestion
community of vendors and operators, which means that any code or
```

Author: @gkunz Thanks, it is solved!
